(Docs) 111-mtr: Adding a content (#1881)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/102-managing-servers/101-live-in-terminal/111-mtr.md

> # Mtr
> `mtr` (Matt Traceroute) is a CLI that merges traceroute and ping as a network diagnostic. Using MTR, we can identify connection problems between two routers. MTR support for checking IPv4, and IPv6 using ICMPv6.
> 
> It has to follow this syntax:  
> `$ mtr [option] [hostname]/[path]`
> 
> e.g  
> `$ mtr google.com`
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/linux-mtr'>Javatpoint: Linux mtr Command</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mtr

`mtr` combines the functionality of the traceroute and ping programs in a single network diagnostic tool.

As `mtr` starts, it investigates the network connection between the host `mtr` runs on and `HOSTNAME` by sending packets with purposely low TTLs. It continues sending packets with low TTL, noting the response time of the intervening routers. This allows `mtr` to print the internet route's response percentage and response times to HOSTNAME. A sudden packet loss or response time increase often indicates a bad (or simply overloaded) link.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/linux-mtr'>Javatpoint: Linux mtr Command</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix_commands/mtr.htm'>mtr Linux command</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.devopsroles.com/how-to-traceroute-use-mtr-command-in-linux/'>How to traceroute use mtr command in Linux</BadgeLink>
```
